Alrighty, so we're making good progress here.
In this video we'll cover the order details.
So let's go ahead and swing into our checkoutcomponent.ts.
And we're going to add two new properties,
one of for the total price and also for total quantity.
Let's go ahead and swing into our HTML page
so we can reference these new properties.
And I'll do a slight cleanup there on that div
just to tighten it up a bit.
And I'll add my new work here right above the submit button.
So I'll just add a comment here for order details
and this is where we'll add the HTML
for this given section for reviewing our order.
So I have the h3 here for review your order
and now I'll just add in some paragraph items here
for a total quantity, shipping, and total price
and I'll also references those properties
that I just created.
So in this case here, total quantity.
And then the last entry here for total price.
Alrighty, so let's go ahead and swing over
into our browser and take a look at it.
So right below credit card there's our new section here,
review your order, quantity, shipping, and price!
Looks good, I like it!